# Analysing-Indian-startups
From a datset that contains information about indian startups,menaingfull insights were obtained
- Problem Statement 1: Check the trend of investments over the years. To check the trend, find - Total number of fundings done in each year. Plot a line graph between year and number of fundings. Take year on x-axis and number of fundings on y-axis. Print year-wise total number of fundings also. Print years in ascending order.

- Problem Statement 2: Find out which cities are generally chosen for starting a startup. Find top 10 Indian cities which have most number of startups ? Plot a pie chart and visualise it. Print the city name and number of startups in that city also. Note : Take city name "Delhi" as "New Delhi". Check the case-sensitiveness of cities also. That means - at some place, instead of "Bangalore", "bangalore" is given. Take city name as "Bangalore". For few startups multiple locations are given, one Indian and one Foreign. Count those startups in Indian startup also. Indian city name is first. Print the city in descending order with respect to the number of startups.

- Problem Statement 3: Find out if cities play any role in receiving funding. Find top 10 Indian cities with most amount of fundings received. Find out percentage of funding each city has got (among top 10 Indian cities only). Print the city and percentage with 2 decimal place after rounding off. Note: Take city name "Delhi" as "New Delhi". Check the case-sensitiveness of cities also. That means - at some place, instead of "Bangalore", "bangalore" is given. Take city name as "Bangalore". For few startups multiple locations are given, one Indian and one Foreign. Count those startups in Indian startup also. Indian city name is first. Print the city in descending order with respect to the percentage of funding.

- Problem Statement 4: There are 4 different type of investments. Find out percentage of amount funded for each investment type. Plot a pie chart to visualise. Print the investment type and percentage of amount funded with 2 decimal places after rounding off. Note : Correct spelling of investment types are - "Private Equity", "Seed Funding", "Debt Funding", and "Crowd Funding". Keep an eye for any spelling mistake. You can find this by printing unique values from this column. Print the investment type in descending order with respect to the percentage of the amount funded.

- Problem Statement 5: There are 4 different type of investments. Find out percentage of amount funded for each investment type. Plot a pie chart to visualise. Print the investment type and percentage of amount funded with 2 decimal places after rounding off. Note : Correct spelling of investment types are - "Private Equity", "Seed Funding", "Debt Funding", and "Crowd Funding". Keep an eye for any spelling mistake. You can find this by printing unique values from this column. Print the investment type in descending order with respect to the percentage of the amount funded.

- Problem Statement 6: Which type of companies got more easily funding. To answer this question, find - Top 5 industries and percentage of the total amount funded to that industry. (among top 5 only) Print the industry name and percentage of the amount funded with 2 decimal place after rounding off. Note : Ecommerce is the right word in IndustryVertical, so correct it. Print the industry in descending order with respect to the percentage of the amount funded.

- Problem Statement 7:Find top 5 startups with most amount of total funding. Print the startup name in descending order with respect to amount of funding. Note: Ola, Flipkart, Oyo, Paytm are important startups, so correct their names. There are many errors in startup names, ignore correcting all, just handle important ones.

- Problem Statement 8: Find the Investors who have invested maximum number of times. Print the investor name and number of times invested as integer value. Note: In startup, multiple investors might have invested. So consider each investor for that startup. Ignore the undisclosed investors.
